The Demon Energy D1NZ Pro-Championship is the premier production-car drifting category in New Zealand, featuring spectacular fields of high-horsepower drift 'monsters' competing for the most prestigious prize in Australasian Drifting; the D1NZ Championship Title.

Since the birth of competitive drifting in New Zealand back in 2003, only 8 drivers have held the iconic Pro-Championship trophy and the respect that follows suit. Over the last decade many of New Zealand's top drivers have represented the country with success in Australia, Japan, Malaysia, Thailand, Singapore, The USA, China & Europe.

The Pro-Class follows the base regulations set out by Schedule DR under Motorsport New Zealand, the FIA appointed Governing Body of Motorsport in New Zealand. D1NZ Pro-Class category regulations then follow suit, which includes a ban on major chassis modifications beyond the OEM Strut-Towers of the production car, strict suspension relocation and modification regulations, and a 265mm Maximum Control Tyre Width.

The D1NZ series allows free engine modifications and power plant swaps which has spawned the rise of competitive 'Tribal Warfare' between the Turbocharged Sixes & the mighty V8s. Within the Control Tyre Width teams have free choice over Wheel & Tyre size combos, with nearly all teams competing on a Semi-Slick compound which has developed some of the fastest and most exciting Drift-Cars in Australasia.

The Category has traditionally formed a 6-Round national competition with a mixture of tight & technical courses and faster, full throttle race circuits. In 2015 the Pro-Championship tour includes Manfeild Raceway, Mt Smart Stadium, ASB Baypark in Tauranga, Hampton Downs Motorsport Park, Mike Pero Motorsport Park (Ruapuna) in Christchurch and Pukekohe Park Raceway (The worlds fastest competition drift circuit).

Since 2011 the category has utilised a 2-pass shootout system in Qualifying, with a grid forming a Top32 Seeded Battle Tree. The 2015/16 Series will see a new Battle-Tree format, while yet to be confirmed it is likely to comprise of a shorter Top-16, a Sudden Death Top-24 or retain the current Top32 format.

The coming 2015/16 Season will also see the introduction of Nitrous Oxide (NOS / N02) Systems for the first time, adding to the already explosive on-track competition.

The series has had phenomenal development over the last decade, with many teams fielding multi-car campaigns with vehicles producing between 400-1000+ horsepower and attracting huge crowds who enjoy the wide variety of manufacturers, models, engines and driving talent that D1NZ has to offer.

Checkout our Media section or find the latest photos from the Pro-Class on our Official Facebook Page.